>> Paul DeBettignies: A pre
interview creep.
Okay.
So again, whatever pace you're going to be
on this path that I've been talking about
today, okay, when you get to the part
that you're going to be going in for
an interview, creep on these people.
I want you to do to them
what I know they did to you.
Google them, look for them on LinkedIn and
Twitter, figure out what they're into.
Where did they go to school?
What are they about?
What are their hobbies?
Because you will find points
of commonality with them.
It makes your conversation with them
a lot smoother, and a whole lot easier.
If the company has a press release page,
a communication page, whatever it is,
you know as much about them as you can.
So that you can say, so in town here,
there's a company called SPS Commerce, and
they're infamous now cause they're
at 72 quarters of earnings growth.
Shoot that off while you're having a tech
interview with the VP of engineering.
He'll be like, you're paying attention.
Yes.
I also know that you do work
with these three nonprofits.
On Instagram I saw that you guys celebrate
you celebrate St. Patrick's Day by decking
out the entire atrium of the office
tower now named after you in green.
>> Paul DeBettignies: So
you did some research on us.
Yes.
By the way I do this with all of
the people who I'm reaching out to
in my now not being you but
being me stage.
So there are six startups
here in town that I've had
conversations with between now and
the Wednesday before Thanksgiving, and
I'm telling you I know as much
about them as they know about them.
What's working, what's not working,
what do they need help with.
I know it like the back of my hand,
because I know every one of those
groups is not just talking to me.
For the record,
they would be foolish to not work with me.
Just like these groups would be
foolish not to work with you.
You guys have experience, you bring stuff
to the table that someone who hasn't been
just brought up as a coder doesn't have.
So let's not forget that.